Reorganize the docs (#2164)
typst/packages: docs/checklist.md

# Checklist for a smooth package review

We recommend going through this list and making sure you can tick all the boxes
before submitting your package for review.

The following rules are checked automatically in CI when you open a pull request,
by [`typst-package-check`][check] (which you can run locally too).

- [ ] The package manifest (`typst.toml`) is valid (no syntax error, and follows
  [the defined schema][manifest]).
- [ ] The package can be imported without errors. In particular, they should not

>   contain any syntax errors. It does not mean that should not contain bugs or
>   unexpected behaviors, since it is impossible to tell for sure that they will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contain any syntax errors. This does not mean that they should not contain bugs or
  unexpected behaviors, since it is impossible to tell for sure whether they will
```

  work flawlessly. You can always submit a patch release if you find issues
  after the package is accepted.

> - [ ] The template compiles, as it is out-of-the-box. Especially, it should use

Reviewer: The "Especially" doesn't seem correct to me here.

Also, the list entries here sometimes start with uppercase and sometimes lowercase.

  the "absolute" package import and not a relative one (i.e
  `@preview/my-package:0.1.0` and not `../lib.typ`).
- [ ] identifiers should preferably use kebab-case, as this is the convention that
  is used in the standard library and in most packages. There can be exceptions
  (for instance it can make sense to have a variable called `Alpha` and not
  `alpha`) and if you have a strong preference for camelCase or snake_case it
  can be accepted.
- [ ] large files should be excluded from the package archive or simply not
  committed to this repository, [as explained here][exclusion].
- [ ] The README and license file should never be [excluded][exclusion] from the
  package archive.
- [ ] the author of a package update should be the same person as the one who
  submitted the previous version. If not, the previous author will be asked
  before approving and publishing the new version.

> - [ ] It is better if example files [use the absolute package
>   import][absolute-import]., as it allows people to copy/paste them and start
>   from there immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Example files should preferably [use the absolute package
  import][absolute-import], as it allows people to copy/paste them and start
  from there immediately.
```

- [ ] The `homepage` and `repository` fields of the manifest should not be the
  same (if there is no dedicated website, only the repository should be kept),
  and they should be valid URLs.
- [ ] The title of the PR should be in the format `package-name:version` and it

>   should have the correct `new` or `update` label.

Reviewer 2: To someone new, it might not be obvious that the label is automatically added by the bot and they might think they need to do something for it.

> You must also follow these rules, but they have to checked manually by a human
> being.
> 
> - [ ] The examples in the README should work.
> - [ ] Version number in documentation and README should be up-to-date.
> - [ ] The authors and copyright year in the license file (if any) should be correct.
> - [ ] The license file contents and the license field in the manifest should match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also follow these rules, but they have to be checked manually by a human
being.

- [ ] The examples in the README should work.
- [ ] Version number in documentation and README should be up-to-date.
- [ ] The authors and copyright year in the license file (if any) should be correct.
- [ ] The license file contents and the license field in the manifest should match.
```

Maybe also put the license of "license field" in a code block to match what is done above for the `homepage` and `repository` fields.

# Checklist for a smooth package review

We recommend going through this list and making sure you can tick all the boxes
before submitting your package for review.

The following rules are checked automatically in CI when you open a pull request,
by [`typst-package-check`][check] (which you can run locally too).

- [ ] The package manifest (`typst.toml`) is valid (no syntax error, and follows
  [the defined schema][manifest]).

> - [ ] The package can be imported without errors. In particular, they should not
>   contain any syntax errors. This does not mean that they should not contain
>   bugs or unexpected behaviors, since it is impossible to tell for sure whether
>   they will work flawlessly. You can always submit a patch release if you find
>   issues after the package is accepted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] The package can be imported without errors. In particular, it should not
  contain any syntax errors. This does not mean that the package must be 
  flawless; it's always possible for bugs to slip in. If you find a mistake or 
  bug after the package is accepted, you can simply submit a patch release.
```

- [ ] If the package is a template, it should compile as it is out-of-the-box.
  In particular, it should use the "absolute" package import and not a relative
  one (i.e `@preview/my-package:0.1.0` and not `../lib.typ`).
- [ ] Identifiers should preferably use kebab-case, as this is the convention that
  is used in the standard library and in most packages. There can be exceptions
  (for instance it can make sense to have a variable called `Alpha` and not

>   `alpha`) and if you have a strong preference for camelCase or snake_case it

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  `alpha`) and if you have a strong preference for camelCase or snake_case, it
```

  can be accepted.
- [ ] Large files should be excluded from the package archive or simply not

>   committed to this repository, [as explained here][exclusion].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  be committed to this repository, [as explained here][exclusion].
```

- [ ] The README and license file should never be [excluded][exclusion] from the
  package archive.
- [ ] The author of a package update should be the same person as the one who
  submitted the previous version. If not, the previous author will be asked
  before approving and publishing the new version.
- [ ] Example files should preferably [use the absolute package
  import][absolute-import], as it allows people to copy/paste them and start
  from there immediately.

> - [ ] The `homepage` and `repository` fields of the manifest should not be the
>   same (if there is no dedicated website, only the repository should be kept),
>   and they should be valid URLs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] The `homepage` and `repository` fields of the manifest should not be the
  same and they should be valid URLs. If there is a repository, but no dedicated website, 
  only the repository field should be kept.
```

> - [ ] The title of the PR should be in the format `package-name:version` and it

Reviewer 3: If it's automatic, I think we can drop this?

  should have the correct `new` or `update` label. This is done automatically by
  our CI bot.

You must also follow these rules, but they have to be checked manually by a human
being.

- [ ] The examples in the README should work.

> - [ ] Version number in documentation and README should be up-to-date.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] Version numbers in the documentation and README should be up-to-date.
```

- [ ] The authors and copyright year in the license file (if any) should be correct.
- [ ] The license file contents and the `license` field in the manifest should match.

> - [ ] The package should adhere to our [naming guidelines][name].

Reviewer 3: I think we should move this up as it may be too hidden in the new docs.
